<<<<<<< HEAD
Evaluation for homework 02

String Stuff and String Stuff Tester
====================================

A total of one point each for the following:

class StringStuff : Exists, coding style acceptable   - 1 point
containsVowel     : Total of 15 tests                 - 1 point
isPalindrome      : Total of 10 tests                 - 1 point
evensOnly         : Total of  9 tests
   used your own 3 tests, none of which passed        - 0 point
oddsOnly          : Total of  9 tests
   used your own 3 tests, one of which sort of works  - 0.33 point
evensNoDupes      : Total of  8 tests
   used your own 3 tests, none of which passed        - 0 point
oddsNoDupes       : Total of  8 tests
   used your own 3 tests, two of which sort of work   - 0.66 point
reverse           : Total of  4 tests                 - 1 point
main              : Main in StringStuff.java OR
                     uses StringStuffTester.java      - 1 point
error handling    : Gimme for this assignment         - 1 point
argument checks   : Gimme for this assignment         - 1 point
Files in Git      : At least StringStuff.java         - 1 point
Coding Style      : Style is consistent throughout    - 1 point

Total 9.99 out of 13 = 76.85% which is an C-plus

Feel free to come to office hours for a consultation, Jordyn --
I *KNOW* we can work together to improve your understanding of the
material...

=======
Evaluation for homework 02

String Stuff and String Stuff Tester
====================================

A total of one point each for the following:

class StringStuff : Exists, coding style acceptable   - 1 point
containsVowel     : Total of 15 tests                 - 1 point
isPalindrome      : Total of 10 tests                 - 1 point
evensOnly         : Total of  9 tests
   used your own 3 tests, none of which passed        - 0 point
oddsOnly          : Total of  9 tests
   used your own 3 tests, one of which sort of works  - 0.33 point
evensNoDupes      : Total of  8 tests
   used your own 3 tests, none of which passed        - 0 point
oddsNoDupes       : Total of  8 tests
   used your own 3 tests, two of which sort of work   - 0.66 point
reverse           : Total of  4 tests                 - 1 point
main              : Main in StringStuff.java OR
                     uses StringStuffTester.java      - 1 point
error handling    : Gimme for this assignment         - 1 point
argument checks   : Gimme for this assignment         - 1 point
Files in Git      : At least StringStuff.java         - 1 point
Coding Style      : Style is consistent throughout    - 1 point

Total 9.99 out of 13 = 76.85% which is an C-plus

Feel free to come to office hours for a consultation, Jordyn --
I *KNOW* we can work together to improve your understanding of the
material...

>>>>>>> 2a66e790d4f5eb392c50acb6247351f8392b80c3
