
Evaluation for homework 05: Soccer Simulation

Ball and SoccerSim programs, also possible Timer program
Includes running Ball main to observe tests
Includes running Clock or Timer main to observe tests
Includes running automated ClockSolver tests
   View SoccerSimTests.bat to see test parameters used
   View testresults.txt to see resulting output
========================================================

A total of one point each for the following, except where noted):

class Ball           : Class file exists                   -  0 point
constructor          : exists, initializes class           -  0 point
getSpeed             : exists in some forme and works      -  0 point
getPosition          : exists in some forme and works      -  0 point
updateSpeed          : exists in some forme and works      -  0 point
updatePosition       : exists in some forme and works      -  0 point
isOutOfBounds        : exists in some forme and works      -  0 point
toString             : exists in some forme and works      -  0 point
main(tests)          : exists; has at least one test       -  0 point

class Timer          : Class file exists                   -  0 point
constructor          : exists, initializes class           -  0 point
tick                 : exists in some forme and works      -  0 point
toString             : exists in some forme and works      -  0 point
main(tests)          : exists, has at least one test       -  0 point

class SoccerSim      : Class file exists                   -  0 point
constructor          : exists, initializes class           -  0 point
validateArgs         : exists in some forme and works      -  0 point
report               : exists in some forme and works      -  0 point
collision detect     : exists in some forme and works      -  0 point
main                 : exists, runs simulation             -  0 point
sim param checks     : checks parameters (2 total/8 tests) -  0 points
test comes to rest   : all balls reach zero velocity       -  0 point
test collision       : two balls collide stopping sim      -  0 point
remaining sim tests  : various other tests (3 total)       -  0 points
Files in Git         : minimum of Ball/Soccersim           -  0 points
Coding Style         : alignments, well crafted            -  0 points


Total 0 out of 34 = 0% which is an F.

Jordyn, the code in your repository is almost an exact duplicate of my
original code that is done in degrees.  While I'm flattered that you'd
use my code as a model, I can't give you any credit for the assignment
since it is too close of a copy.

Sorry.


